Scene 7: Calhoun is separated from the group during a white-knuckle chase near Desperation Bluff
Scene 14: Douglas and Katherine confront Aunt Martha about her missing pies. Devin sulks quietly in a side room
Scene 20: Charlie "Three Guns" Henderson cooperates with Johnny Law and reluctantly enters the witless protection program
Scene 31: Robert enlists the aid of several farm animals in order to ascertain the efficacy of his new hangover remedy.
Scene 22: Disheartened by his lack of business acumen and his poor choice of investment partners, John Skywater sets off into the Cree Nation to convince them to kidnap his wife.
Scene 34: Jose explains patiently, but with thinly veiled contempt, the intricacies of Arizona bureaucracy, as though speaking to a simple and distracted child.
Scene 32: Virgil and Stacy set out at midnight to track down the stray cows, unaware that they are being pursued by inch-high aliens from outer space.
Scene 24: A tripped waiter is the spark igniting a brawl of cataclysmic proportions.  Walter is injured in the neck.
Scene 12: Buffalo Bill's companion Marty disappears in a freak electrical storm. Bill enlists the aid of the Sidekick Friends network.
Scene 14: Shooter discovers that he has been proceeding for days with no trousers. This causes him no small embarrassment as he searches for them with Little Doll.
Scene 19: Coogan confronts the toughest thug in his gang, Big Jake, in an abbreviated knife fight. Coogan settles the dispute with fearless guile and a kick in the family jewels.
Scene 8: Jesse's brothers Jed and Henry throw him a surprise birthday party. Jesse's nerves get the better of him when the birthday cake explodes.
Scene 12: Henry discovers for the first time that his ability to digest cream has disappeared along with his hair. Other cowboys attempt to console him.
Scene 6: After the mine explosion, the traveling circus takes time out to get drunk and start a fight.
Scene 16: Nothing will settle the debates among the skeptical locals, short of a demonstration of Hector's special talents.
Scene 23: William decides that it is time to be movin' on.  Julia convinces him to stick around just long enough to get into big trouble.
Scene 2: Jackson encourages the children to eat only taffy, because gum can kill them stone dead.
Scene 30: Susan and Peter encounter some of the perils of the Badlands: rutted mud roads, torrential rain storms, and a bad case of "grumbly tummy."
Scene 3: Inspector Pete speaks to a riveted audience about the many hidden dangers of taffy, not the least of which is that taffy can kill you stone dead.
Scene 15: John discovers his long-lost sister Marcie, and instructs her in the ways of gunfighting and whiskey distillation.
Scene 25: A song and dance extravaganza, "Hunka Hunka Burnin' Lead."
Scene 21: After a dozen failed attempts, one rocket carries Horatio and his six children to the Moon, where they enjoy a picnic and a spirited game of badminton.
Scene 16: Phil and his cohort of unfeeling smart-mouths make fun of Sancho and his great big hat.
Scene 15: After some delay, the Pony Express arrives. Isaac, Gwen, Francis, Terry, Conrad, Brooke, Jerry, Howard, MacNeill, Jones, Spike, Cornwall and Crawford are all there.
Scene 12: Alone in the wilderness, Maggie makes the best of her situation. In what seems like no time at all, she constructs a sturdy two-story house from branches and mud.
Scene 2: Josie asks the Milkman how they get milk. After a thoughtful pause, he begins. "Not like you'd expect!"
Scene 1: A dozen grizzled cowboys surround a fire. Suddenly, they exclaim, "That's not mayonnaise!"
Scene 27: Louise takes instruction from Henry, the neighbor boy, in an absurdly suggestive explanation of how to plow a field.
Scene 14: A hail of gunfire results when Jesse's friend Barton marries Jesse's childhood sweetheart.
Scene 12: In an absurd dream sequence, Crockett recalls an episode of fear and chaos in which his childhood friend Timmy was trapped at the bottom of a well.
Scene 25: Bob reverts to his ancestral ways in a short fight over a disembodied hand.
Scene 13: Horace and Mathilde discover that the mysterious orange powder filling Doctor Lucky's air vents is neither Agent Orange nor weaponized Tang, but a rare form of cheese mold.
Scene 19: Black Jack invites Dixon and The Captain to a late-night poker game. Little do they know that Gertrude and Isabella await them at the table.
Scene 17: After operating for only six minutes, the Pony Express disbands and gives way to the international Telegraph and Railroad systems. Little boys cry.
Scene 35: Hector makes a surprising discovery behind the Chinese grocery store.
Scene 8: Josie is thoroughly off milk at this point. The Milkman shows her one more way that she might not have heard of before.
Scene 5: A fire breaks out in the town livery. Before long, the surrounding buildings are engulfed in flame. The world falls into chaos.
Scene 19: Uncle Stewart reveals what to do when all else fails.
Scene 9: The doe-eyed citizens of El Paso gather together around a warm fire and pray for the safety of those poor souls in Oklahoma. It almost works.
Scene 40: General George Armstrong Custer clinches another victory at the battle of Little Sands. His trusty steed Cairo is not so lucky.
